MTA-6826, 6827, 6828, 6829, 6830, 6831 CQA April work for rules development guide (#359)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/rules-development/yaml-rulesets.adoc

= Creating and using a custom ruleset

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create a ruleset by placing one or more custom rules in a directory and creating a `ruleset.yaml` file at the directory root. When you perform an analysis, you pass this directory as input to the {ProductShortName} {CLIName} by using the `--rules` option. {ProductShortName} treats all rules in this directory as a part of the ruleset defined by the `ruleset.yaml` file.

Reviewer: This appears to be too long, I counted 336 characters.  How about this instead?

```suggestion
You can create a custom ruleset to organize multiple custom rules into a single directory. Defining your rulesets with a `ruleset.yaml` file helps you to efficiently apply them all at once when running an analysis with the {ProductShortName} {CLIName}.
```

Author: I have truncated the intro.
